Love story. 


They first met in 1947 in Paris in a club called "The club of five". Her friends set her up with him. It wasn't love at first sight. She was very short like a sparrow, and everyone called her a Sparrow. She was a good-looking woman with a petite and yet shapely figure. She got heart-shaped face with very thin eyebrows and the curly helmet of bushy  jet-black  hair. He was tall (about six feet) and burly. His olive skin, wide black eyebrows and curly dark hair gave away his Algerian origin. They just got acqainted and that's all. They didn't met on the other day, he didn't ask her out on a date. He thought that she hadn't even remembered his name. 

They didn't see each other again they both came to New-York. She had a concert there. One day he called her when she was already going to bed, he introduced himself and said: " We met at the Club of Five, I'm a boxer", and asked her out on a date. He took her out to a very cheap eatery, where they had to icecream as the other food was disgusting. But soon he realized his mistake and took her to the lavish restaurant called "Le Gurme" - the most popular restaurant in New York boasting its french quisine. On the date every time their eyes met, they both felt butterflies in their stomachs. They talked about everything and soon they both realized that they had a lot in common. No, they didn't share the same interests and tastes in everything, because it was a real love story, not the one you might see in a Hollywood movie. She was the daughter of the streets who made good - so good that she conquered the United States and the rest of the world with a powerful, throbbing voice that contrasted with her tiny, frail body. He was the fighter who also learned his trade on the streets and who won the world middleweight championship, taking the title away from Tony Zale at Jersey City's Roosevelt Stadium in 1948. He was the idol of the French, the hero the country needed for the restoration of national pride that had been so badly dented during the war. Besides, they both were very much into their work, into their career. They knew what the glory was like and that's why I think, they connected in so many ways that it astounded them. I believe, that it was the first time for both of them they felt that kind of love and understanding. I'm sure that they were soulmates, that they belonged together. 

After that date they started going out, their relationship soon became a very public melodrama. However, their relationship wasn't stormy, they didn't fall out over minor things, they got along fine together. They were head over heels in love with each other, it wasn't just a crush. The weeks passed, they were having fun in New-York, walking, eating icecream, spending time in entertainment parks. Sounds great, doesn't it? But their fans, their relatives and especially their close friends were confused and didn't approve of both of them. You may ask why and I'll easily answer it. He was married with three children, but for her it wasn't a deal-breaker. She had been married many times for both love and conveniece, she was a bit tired of that. She didn't see the point in being the bride, in having a bachor party, in a lavish White wedding. She didn't want him to divorce with his wife, she didn't want to separate him from his family, to take the father from the children. She just loved him and wanted to be with him for better, for worse, forever. 

But then things started go wrong. Some newspapers started publishing unpleasant articles about their relationship. And he, as thought himself as a gentlemen, had to orguze a press-conference. It was the shortest conference in the world. He said: She is my lover but only because I'm married. If I wasn't, I would propose to her". Next day newspapers published no articles about them. 

In october 1949 she was again in New-York, having a concert. He was going to meet her there in a week. But she called him and begged to fly to her immediately despite of his fear of flights. He bought tickets for the first plane… It was an aircrash, no one survived. She was heartbroken. 
She was Edith Piaf, he was Marcel Cerdan and this story was about how the song " Hymn a l'amour" was created. 